---
title: Nuxt Config
description: Configure the sitemap module.
---

## `identity`

- Type: `'Person' | 'Organization' | Person | Organization`{lang="ts"}
- Default: `undefined`{lang="ts"}

The identity of your site. This will only have an effect when using `defaults`.

## `defaults`

- Type: `boolean`{lang="ts"}
- Default: `true`{lang="ts"}

Whether the default Schema.org setup should be enabled or not.

## `minify`

- Type: `boolean`{lang="ts"}
- Default: `process.env.NODE_ENV === 'production'`{lang="ts"}

Whether the Schema.org output should be minified or not. Will slightly reduce your bundle size.

## `reactive`

- Type: `boolean`{lang="ts"}
- Default: `nuxt.options.dev || !nuxt.options.ssr`{lang="ts"}

Whether client-side reactivity should be enabled or not. This is not needed for SEO reasons when SSR but may be useful for debugging.

## `scriptAttributes`

- Type: `(ScriptBase & TagUserProperties) | false`{lang="ts"}
- Default: `{ id: 'schema-org-graph' }`{lang="ts"}

The attributes to add to the `<script>` tag that contains the Schema.org graph.

## `enabled`

- Type: `boolean`{lang="ts"}
- Default: `true`{lang="ts"}

Whether Schema.org should be enabled or not.

## `debug`

- Type: `boolean`{lang="ts"}
- Default: `false`{lang="ts"}

Enable to see debug logs.

## `host`

<UBadge color="yellow">Deprecated</UBadge>

- Type: `string`{lang="ts"}
- Default: `runtimeConfig.public.siteUrl || localhost`{lang="ts"}

The host of your site. This is required to validate absolute URLs which may be internal.

This is now handled by the [nuxt-site-config](https://github.com/harlan-zw/nuxt-site-config) module.

## `trailingSlash`

<UBadge color="yellow">Deprecated</UBadge>

- Type: `boolean`{lang="ts"}
- Default: `false`

Whether internal links should have a trailing slash or not.

This is now handled by the [nuxt-site-config](https://github.com/harlan-zw/nuxt-site-config) module.
